Docs: Update docs for whatsnew for no basic role (#76681)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-next/index.md

For more details on basic roles and permissions, refer to the [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/administration/roles-and-permissions/).

> Note: To assign no basic role in the Grafana Cloud Stack Administration section. Ask support to enable `skip_org_role_sync` if users want to change their basic roles that are synced via GCom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign the "No basic role" in your Grafana Cloud stack, contact Grafana Support and ask them to enable the `skip_org_role_sync` feature toggle.  You'll be able to change basic roles that are synced using GCom.
```
